doc: document SAML needed attributes and principal type (#158)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/admin/custom_sso/index.md

If your SSO system supports both OIDC and SAML, we recommend using OIDC.
{{< /alert >}}

> If your SSO system offers SAML v2.0 integration, it will typically publish its Identity Provider (IdP) entity descriptor on a specific URL.

Reviewer: Maybe explain the 2 cases: public SSO system that our platform can connect to, and private SSO system that is only accessible on the intranet/VPN, in which case we need an export of the mapping?

> If your SSO system offers SAML v2.0 integration, it will typically publish its Identity Provider (IdP) entity descriptor on a specific URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your SSO system offers SAML v2.0 integration, the Identity Provider entity (IdP) is typically published on a specific URL. 
```

Reviewer 2: Please confirm I didn't change the meaning of the sentence.

To configure the SSO integration, we will need:
- Identity provider SAML entity descriptor

> - Attributes names for: first name, last name and email.

Reviewer: missing "the"

> - Attributes names for: first name, last name and email.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Attribute names: 
    - first name
    - last name
    - email
```

> - Principal type and format _(commonly subject NameID)_

Reviewer 3: There are two different aspects here:
- Using a Principal Type other than "Subject NameID": it's technically possible, but I wonder if it actually happens? But I guess it does deserve some explanation.
- the NameID policy format to specify in authentication requests sent to the IdP: in most cases we can just leave it unspecified (`urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:unspecified`), and leave this to the IdP. But maybe we'll need to be more specific when integration with some IdPs, so may deserve an explanation too.

In both cases, I think we need to give a real explanation and not just mention the names. And make it clear that there is a default case that should work for most people (based on my understanding of SAML, I may be wrong... 😅).

Here's my suggestion for a paragraph about this:

> By default, our system will rely on the subject NameID to uniquely and consistently identify each user. We will also, by default, leave the NameID policy format unspecified (`urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:unspecified`), letting the IdP free to choose how to populate the subject NameID. If needed we can rely on another attribute instead of the NameID (it needs to be unique and immutable), or specify a particular NameID policy format.

If your SSO system supports both OIDC and SAML, we recommend using OIDC.
{{< /alert >}}

If your SSO system provides SAML v2.0 integration, the Identity Provider entity (IdP) is usually published on a particular URL. 
If that URL is not publicly accessible, export the metadata containing the information necessary to integrate with the IdP and forward it.

To configure the SSO integration, we will need:
- the SAML entity descriptor for your Identity Provider
- the attributes for a user's first name, last name, and email address (they should appear as `ClaimType`s in your IdP's entity descriptor)

{{< alert info >}}
By default, our system will rely on the subject NameID to uniquely and consistently identify each user. 

> We will also, by default, leave the NameID policy format unspecified (urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:unspecified), 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will also, by default, leave the NameID policy format unspecified (`urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:1.1:nameid-format:unspecified`), 
```
